nanopore container splits (#84)
genomic-medicine-sweden/gms-artic: README.md

    --outdir nanopore_nanopolish
```
#### Nanopore medaka pipeline

> PLEASE NOTE: check the 'nextflow.config' is updated with 'gms-artic-medaka:latest'. To use the 'medka' workflow, please provide the '--medaka-model'. [Read more here](https://github.com/nanoporetech/medaka/tree/master#models) how to get the model information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PLEASE NOTE: check the 'nextflow.config' is updated with 'gms-artic-medaka:latest'. To use the 'medaka' workflow, please provide the '--medaka-model'. The model information can be found [here](https://github.com/nanoporetech/medaka/tree/master#models).
```

```
nextflow run main.nf -profile singularity \
    --medaka --prefix "test_nanopore_medaka" \
    --basecalled_fastq .github/data/nanopore/20200311_1427_X1_FAK72834_a3787181/fastq_pass/ \

>     --medaka-model dna_r10.4.1_e8.2_400bps_hac@v4.1.0:variant \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --medakaModel dna_r10.4.1_e8.2_400bps_hac@v4.1.0:variant \
```

nextflow run main.nf -profile singularity,sge \
    --medaka --prefix "test_nanopore_medaka" \
    --basecalled_fastq .github/data/nanopore/20200311_1427_X1_FAK72834_a3787181/fastq_pass/ \

>     --medaka-model dna_r10.4.1_e8.2_400bps_hac@v4.1.0:variant \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --medakaModel dna_r10.4.1_e8.2_400bps_hac@v4.1.0:variant \
```
